Help! Help!
Help! Run! Run!
All right, help!
Help! Help!
Manager Ma, has everyone come out?
Ah, it's all here!
Behind the bomb is the gas line
If not discovered in time
The consequences will be unimaginable
I have notified the Sheriff's Department
Their men will be here soon
Ah he
This time it finally succeeded
Ah!
Mengmeng thanks to you
Otherwise we would all be dead today
Yes, the bride is brave and intelligent
I didn't run away alone just now.
He saved us all.
With this courage
The bride is worthy of the Su family
This wedding can't be held today
When the ceremony comes, we will resend two more dates.
Make the wedding happen
Mr. Su is not good
The young master's car exploded at the intersection
What nonsense are you talking about?
Yes, the news is thousands of cities and thousands of queues
It's a call from the hospital
The young master died on the spot
The corpse was charred
No way. You'd be lying to me.
They don't die at night.
He won't die at night
Mr. Su
I've used it all up.
I can't go back